So now what I would like to do is show you how widely Android is used in the world.
In figures.
So the percentage of widespread use of Android will show us the number of users who should care about
mobile security and the importance of ensuring Android security in particular.
So an ecosystem in market terminology refers to the independence between demand and supply.
So let's examine this on a chart.
So this graph shows the mobile operating systems market share worldwide from January 2012 to July of
2020.
As you can see here in the graph.
Check it out, Android is the leading mobile operating system worldwide in July of 2020, taking a seventy
four point six percent share of the entire mobile operating system market.
Android and Apple II was, of course, jointly possess almost 99 percent of the global market share.
One point six billion of the three point five billion people using smartphones all over the world are
Android users and the number of available apps and Google Play store is two point nine six million.
These are huge numbers.
Wouldn't you agree?
So let's have a look at which versions of Android are used most widely.
So this graph here shows the Android operating system share worldwide by OS version from 2013 to 2020.
As you can see here, why nine zero is indeed the most popular version of Android operating system as
of April 2020, the total market share of thirty one point three percent.
But look at this.
Despite being released in the fall of 2015, marshmallowy six point zero was still the second most widely
used version of Android operating system on smartphone devices.
Now, you may remember that developers at Google previously named Android versions after certain items
of confectionary, but in a break from tradition, the latest release in September 2019 is simply called
Android 10.
Rich had a share of eight point three percent seven months after its first release.
Now, the question may pop into your head here, why are older Android versions still being used?
Hmm.
Well, of course, it's considered good practice to install the latest version of the software onto
your smartphone, especially for security reasons.
But Android updates vary by device manufacturer and mobile carrier.
Now, it's also true that older devices cannot always run newer Android versions, in fact, around
60 percent of Android devices are running a mobile operating system that is over two years old.
That's a fun fact for you, huh?
Especially if you are in the digital security sector.
In any event, since Android pay nine point zero because it's the most widely used, I'm going to be
using PI nine here during the course, but you can also use Android eight and 10.
And you'll see why shortly.